README.rst, before:

DynamoDB Data Access Provider Plugin
====================================

A custom, Kotlin-based data access provider plugin for the Curity Identity Server.

Building the Plugin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can build the plugin by issuing the command ``mvn package``. This will produce a JAR file in the ``target`` directory,
which can be installed.

Installing the Plugin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To install the plugin, copy the compiled JAR (and all of its dependencies) into the :file:`${IDSVR_HOME}/usr/share/plugins/${pluginGroup}`
on each node, including the admin node. For more information about installing plugins, refer to the `curity.io/plugins`_.

Required Dependencies
"""""""""""""""""""""

For a list of the dependencies and their versions, run ``mvn dependency:list``. Ensure that all of these are installed in
the plugin group; otherwise, they will not be accessible to this plug-in and run-time errors will result.

More Information
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Please visit `curity.io`_ for more information about the Curity Identity Server.

.. _curity.io/plugins: https://support.curity.io/docs/latest/developer-guide/plugins/index.html#plugin-installation
.. _curity.io: https://curity.io/

Commit message:

Adds readme information on the location of the JSON schema files

README.rst, after:

DynamoDB Data Access Provider Plugin
====================================

A custom, Kotlin-based data access provider plugin for the Curity Identity Server.

Building the Plugin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can build the plugin by issuing the command ``mvn package``. This will produce a JAR file in the ``target`` directory,
which can be installed.

Installing the Plugin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To install the plugin, copy the compiled JAR (and all of its dependencies) into the :file:`${IDSVR_HOME}/usr/share/plugins/${pluginGroup}`
on each node, including the admin node. For more information about installing plugins, refer to the `curity.io/plugins`_.

Required Dependencies
"""""""""""""""""""""

For a list of the dependencies and their versions, run ``mvn dependency:list``. Ensure that all of these are installed in
the plugin group; otherwise, they will not be accessible to this plug-in and run-time errors will result.

Tables, keys, and indexes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The folder `src/main/resources/schemas <src/main/resources/schemas>`_ contains JSON files with the required tables,
as well as their key and index schemas.
The included ``ProvisionedThroughput`` values are illustrative and need to be adapted to the final usage scenario.

More Information
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Please visit `curity.io`_ for more information about the Curity Identity Server.

.. _curity.io/plugins: https://support.curity.io/docs/latest/developer-guide/plugins/index.html#plugin-installation
.. _curity.io: https://curity.io/
